Now that we have much of the framework in place, I'd like to add a new page to create an interactive team builder in Vue. We can call it just that, Interactive Team Builder. If any piece makes sense to build into a component for re-use across the Vue app, that is acceptable, since we will have three characters that will all has similar -- if not the same -- options.  This should function in the spirit of the Player Power Analyzer V2, except manual to the user. The Vue application should preset all the available options to the user based on their armory. We will need to have a layout that supports 3 characters, each with a main hand, off hand, ultimate weapon, main costume, 3 sub weapons and 2 sub costumes. The first level dropdown for each cell should be the character. If they select a character from the drop down that is already selected in another cell, it should move that character to the current cell and reset the other. If it's possible to maintain the current selections from the character being moved, that would be the first choice, however if simply selecting the character and resetting is the safer option, that is also acceptable. When a character is selected, it should update drop down fields based on the player's inventory for main hand, off hand, utlimate weapon and costumes. We need to respect assignment rules. Main hand, off hand, ultimate weapons and costumes are character specific, sub weapons can be from any character. If a weapon is chosen, it can stay in the list, but if it was selected in a different list on the team, the other list should reset. On change, we should be able to pass in the current build to get the estimate damage, the same that the v2 analyzer would use. The UI should be mobile friendly but also be accessible on a desktop. The interface should attempt to keep all team building options on one screen as to allow ease of building, but if that is only possible on the desktop interface that is acceptable. There should be a separate panel with damage information and any other nice to have information such as patk/matk, buffs, debuffs, effects, or anything else that is available that may be useful to the user. If this panel could also note the score (that would be the ame/similar to the analyzer v2 for comparison sake) as well as providing the quick team copy in the same sample format we've been using. For example:

	Yuffie w/ Winged Chakram and Wind Slash. Heirloom Kimono costume. Rising Sun UW. Infiltration Sword, Cool Cat's Megaphone, and Bird of Prey for sub weapons. Moogle Hat & Cape and Savior Ensemble for sub costumes.

	Tifa w/ Festive Gloves and Leather Combat Gloves. Festive Style costume. Dragon Claw UW. Squeaky Hammer, Festive Sword, and Guide Gloves for sub weapons. Guide Uniform and AC Style for sub costumes.

	Cid w/ Antler Pike and Grinding Gear. Holidays Attire costume. Venus Gospel UW. Noble Parasol, Mad Minute, and Bahamut Greatsword for sub weapons. Dark Flyer and Astronaut for sub costumes.

The UI should be relatively clean, meaning it should not be overcrowded. Any instructions should be clearly documented to the user at the top of the page and all fields should be labeled appropriately. We should have an overall UI feeling that is fairly consistant with the rest of the site.



Since this is a new build, we can be fairly open with the ideas and there are no hard expectations. If there are questions on direction, feel free to ask at any point.

--

IDEA: Team Builder required characters
IDEA: Team Builder sigils
IDEA: Team Builder Battle Profiles -- Presets for high level battle requirements

--

So we had a deferred audit for a Vincent Wind Physical Single enemy team versus a Tife Spread/Synergy team. The spread-vs-Vincent audit — the deeper question you raised: is the model genuinely right that Aerith/Tifa/Zack beats a Vincent build, or is it over-crediting stacked cross-character sub-passives that battle would dedup? That's the next investigation when you're ready, and it's independent of this commit.

You had made a comment about the rankings that said:

	A solo-carry team (one big hitter, like your Vincent) is already near its limits, so sub-weapons barely move it. Resume score ≈ real score.
	A spread/synergy team (three characters buffing each other, like Aerith/Tifa/Zack) gets a huge lift from those stacked sub-passives — but only once they're added. On the resume screen it looks weak.

This made me interested. I'd first, probably like to see the strongest Vincent team versus what would be the TIfa/Aerith/Zack team that was suggested as the top team. This coul dbe correct base on some of the effects Tifa and Zack can bring, but I do know Vincent can be a very strong wind character. I'd believe there could be a possibility of a buff or effect that is not fully accounted for that could be shifting the scores. But before assuming anything is wrong, or that the scores are correct, I think it would be best to do a deeper dive into these teams to do a bit more of a manual comparison. If you can create a test to get both teams and return the team in the quick format we've been using, for example:

	Yuffie w/ Winged Chakram and Wind Slash. Heirloom Kimono costume. Rising Sun UW. Infiltration Sword, Cool Cat's Megaphone, and Bird of Prey for sub weapons. Moogle Hat & Cape and Savior Ensemble for sub costumes.

	Tifa w/ Festive Gloves and Leather Combat Gloves. Festive Style costume. Dragon Claw UW. Squeaky Hammer, Festive Sword, and Guide Gloves for sub weapons. Guide Uniform and AC Style for sub costumes.

	Cid w/ Antler Pike and Grinding Gear. Holidays Attire costume. Venus Gospel UW. Noble Parasol, Mad Minute, and Bahamut Greatsword for sub weapons. Dark Flyer and Astronaut for sub costumes.

Then I can do a quick compare to see if I believe anything is wrong or worth a further look.