I'll start with the example we've been testing with. I'll try to note a few different strategies along the way if it makes sense. So, let's say we have a new battle, there's no sigil's noted on the enmy screen in-game, and it's a physical lightning battle.

I'd start with finding what my physical lightning options are. For main DPS characters, there's the newest weapon which is Yuffie's Winged Chakram. The other options are Cloud's Erdrick's Sword or the older Murasame. Erdrick's Sword is 720% but does add an additional x1.5 when it's a single target, so that would be 1080% for a single target. That's still below Yuffie's 1340% but worth noting. So I'm going to start building with Yuffie, but will keep Cloud in mind, possibly as a secondary DPS or Support-DPS. 

So starting with Yuffie, we will put Winged Chakram in the main hand. This weapon is really good because it really covers a lot of effects in one weapon. So it is a high percentage DPS weapon making our battle and element type. It also provides PDEF down to the enemy. Some enemies can be immune to this effect, so it could be discounted but we'll prent it's not for this battle, so this immediately increases our damage output. It also increases our Lightning Damage as well, so every time we use our main damage weapon, we are decreasing (or extending the debuff) of the enemies pdef, but we are also increaisng our lightning (or extending the buff) to our lightning damage. Even if the boss was immune to pdef down, this would still be a good weapon. Now we need to look at her off hand. Bahamut Cutter is an option. It would give us 23 pts of Boost PATK (All Allies) and Boost Phys. Ability Pot. and if the battle called for it, MDEF Up. Heirloom Brush is another option as it could take the Lightning Damage buff (and any other buffs provided by other allies) from high to extra high. It would also give us ATK (All Allies) and Boost Ability Pot. instead of PATK (All Allies) and Phys Ability Pot. Fatum Ex Machina is an option. Boost ATK and Boost Ability Pot are decent, and Enfeeble is decent if not immune. PATK decreased can be useful if the battle calls for it, but the Earth Resist decreased is wasted. Arctic Star is possibly an option, but the r abilites seem to be off for what we wanted. But boosting our own patk is a possibility but seems like there could be something better. Initially, it feels like Heirloom Brush is the best option, so we'll start with that.

For her costume, Moogle Hat and Cape just feels like the obvious choice. Boost Lightning Pot (All Allies) -- which woudl stack per character because it's all allies -- is fairly unique as well as it's second r ability bringing both lightning ability damage +30% as phys ability damage +20%. Simplified math, that's an extra 50%. Savior Ensemble woudl be an option with the ATK (All Allies) and the Lightning Damage +30%. But because it's a lightnig battle, we'd going to start with Moogle Hat and Cape.

For materia, we'll equip our best Thundara Blows materias each providing us with a bit of PATK % and Lightning Pot %, increasing our damage.

For her Ultimate weapon, Rising Sun is her newest one, and honestly, this feels like a simple choice. Giving Weakness Exploit at 60% as well as the Boost Elem. Pot. Arcanum (All Allies) which is another unique r ablity that would give us another Lightning Damage +30% easily out ranks Conformer. Conformer brings PDEF and MDEF down but it's charge speed is 20 seconds, which means it can't be used right away like Rising Sun can. The Boost Ability Pot is a fine R ability, but all of these can be replaced by other weapons and characters.

That fills our main gear and leaves us at Boost PATK level 6 (46 pts) and Boost Lightning Pot level 5 (42 pts). Boost Ability Post is also level 3 (21 pts) but that's kind of a secondary r ability so we won't focus on that unless we fill out the other. I'd really like to get patk to level 7, so I'm going to look for weapons that bring patk and boost lightning pot to increase both at the same time. I really want to keep boost patk as close to the level 7 break as possible, as anything over is essentially wasted. There's nothing with a super high boost lightning pot and boost patk, so I'm goin to settle on Murasame. That gets me to Boost PATK level 7, and boost lightning pot level 7 at 63 pts. It should be easy to get Boost lightning pot to level 8 for another 15%. Level 9 is only another 10% and level 10 is another 10% above that, so the levels after 8 have a bit of a dimnishing return. So now I'm looking for something with boost lighting pot but NOT boost patk. THe options would be Witch's Broom, Shockbuster and Cool Cat's Megaphone. All 3 get us to Boost lightning pot level 9, so there's no difference there. Witch's Broom gets us to Boost Atk level 4, Shockbuster gets us to boost atk level 3, and Cool Cat's Megaphone gets us to Boost patk (all allies) level 3. Boost atk level 4 is +10%, boost atk level 3 is +7% and boost patk (all allies) level 3 is +14%. So right now, we'll go with Cool Cat's Megaphone because that feels like it gives us the most right now. We can always adjust. With boost patk and boost lightning pot really where we want, boost phys. abilty pot is the next choice as it's levels give you the most at 2-5 and one good weapon with that r ability will get us to at least level 3. There are a couple option. Enemy Launcher is a good physical sub, and Ultimatic is an ok second choice, both proviving boost atk and boost phys ability pot. The other option would be one of the few boost patk (all allies) / Boost phys ability pot weapons, and there's a few with the same r abilities. Enemy launch would get us to Boost ATK level 3 (7%) and boost phys ability pot level 4 (45%). Ultimatic gets us to Boost ATK level 4 (10%) and boost phys ability pot level 4 (30%). One of the patk (all allies) / phys ability pot weapons gets us to boost phys ability pot level 3 (30%) and boost patk (all allies) level 6 from level 3 (for a +11%). So that puts enemy launcher as a simply put +52% as probably the best option.

For sub costumes, I'm picking Savior Ensemble and Heirloom Kimono because they each provide a unique lighting damage +15% as a sub. They both actually provide ALL elements +15% as a sub in what we refer to as an omni-arcanum. 

Even if I was looking to go more defensive, I would try to keep this build in tact as long as possible before I try to add something with a more defensive bonus. I would look to add pdef/mdef (all Allies) on a different character before I switched up the main dps. So we're going to call this our Yuffie build for now and more on to support her. If we have to make changes, we can.

Thinking about our pyramid, we've barely touched it but we have hit a bit of our foundation with the elemental (lightning) damage up. So we know we still have some work to do. PATK up, lightning damage boost, lightning damage bonus, physical damage boost, physical damage bonus, enfeeble, enliven, single-target damage received up and possibly torpor are still available. Boss debuffs, lightning resistance down, enfeeble and single target damage received up.

Because we're going offensive focused, we'll consider just finding characters that can stat on more buffs. But if the battle needed a tank that can take more damage and provoke single target attacks his way, we woudl conside that at this point. We could also think about a true support character as well.

At this point I consider Sephiroth (Original) -- who I shorthand as OSeph -- compared to just Sephiroth, aka Young Sephiroth -- who I shorthand as YSeph. OSeph can bring single-target dmg rcdvd up via Masamune as well as phys damage bonus via Kikuichimonji. Before I build out the rest of his kit, I consider who the third character would be. Enliven is really somethign you want to work in when possible, and there's only three sources right now. Zack via Festive Sword, Cloud via Noble Parasol and Lucia via her ultimate weapon Total Eclipse. But Lucia's option is only at the start of battle, and once it falls off, we'd have no way to re-apply. So I move away from Lucia. If I went with OSeph, I already have single-target dmg rcvd up, so I skip Cloud and consider Zack. Festive Sword is great because it brings enliven and expoit weakness. Other than Festive Sword, what can Zack bring in a lightning battle? He doesn't really have any lighting options, but he does have Surfer Blade. He does have Surfer Blade which does pdef down and patk up, as long as we know we can keep his hp above 70%. He also has Festive Jacket which can do Applied Stats Debuff Tier Increased so he can help reduce the applied deuffs on the boss. OSeph can bring Enfeeble if we have his One with the Blade outfit, but we can only use it twice. So this feel like a very plausible team, even if the pdef down from surfer blade overlaps Yuffie's PDEF from Winger Chakram.

We also previously mentioned Cloud and we had noticed he had a decently powerful lightning weapon with Erdrick's Sword, which also brings Enfeeble. Yuffie, OSeph and Zack seem plausible, but let's see what Cloud can do. If we start with Erdrick's Sword, we have lightning damage AND enfeeble. Noble Parasol can also do some role compression and bring enliven and single-target damage received up. Ragnarok has the R ability Attack Boost (All Allies) which allows all allies to start with patk & matk up high at the start of battle, which means we don't need to buff it to start the battle, we can just worry about extending it. Cloud also has Classic Dress which can bring torpor, another high damage effect, even if it has a very short duration. We'll put Erdrick's Sword in the main hand and setup Cloud to be a secondary, or even sub-dps. Noble Sword can go in his off hand. FOr his main costume we'll go with Classic Dress for the Torpor. Ultimate Weapon is also an obvious choice with Ragnarok. Not just for the Attack Boost (All Allies) previously mentioned, but for the amp (self) it can bring, which will allow us to get a little bit more out of Erdrick's Sword twice in battle. For materia, we'll mimic what we did for Yuffie and equip 3 thundara blow materia's providing some patk % and lightning pot %. Because Erdrick's Sword is an all enemies (aka AOE) weapon, it will not be able to take advantage of the single-target damage received up, but it can still do acceptable damage.

We have determined Cloud is going to be our secondary dps/support-dps, so that will effect our choice of sub weapons. We could go selfish, but Yuffie is built as our main DPS because the percentage on her weapon is higher, so we'll think about increasing Yuffie's output before going selfish. Noble Parasol in the off hand already bring ATK (All Allies) +23 pts, so we could use one more atk (all allies) weapon to bring it to 46 pts. That would allow us 2 patk (all allies) weapons to again bring it up to 46 pts. Really, any of the weapons tht bring atk (all allies) / boost ability pot are the choice, I would just choose whichever one had the highest patk stat. From there I would probably choose Bahamut Cutter and Bahamut Greatsword as both provide Boost PATK (All Allies) and Boost Phys Ability Pot. Overall that will boost his r ability levels to a point where he can still do respectable damage with Erdrick's Sword. If we needed defensive stats, we could replace one or two of these options with a pdef/mdef (all allies) if needed.

For his sub costumes, there could be a few options. But we'd already gotten boost atk (all allies) and boost patk (all allies) to 46 points, so we can go selfish here. Erdrick's Armor if available is a good choice, which would help Cloud's damage output. AC Mode is also a good choice for it's omni-arcanum ability in Cloudy Wolf. Murasame Battle Garb would also work, but our Boost PATK is already at level 7, so some of those stats would be wasted. Bahamut Garb would be an ok choice, even if the Boost atk (all allies) is wasted. Same could be said for Savior's Creed. 

At this point, we have a lot of things covered but not everything. We're still missing some way to extend the PATK up beyond what Ragnarok supplies, we don't have any bonus or boost, and we don't have exploit weakness in our team. We're also still missing lightning resistance down, a key foundational debuff. Zack might be an option adding exploit weakness and possibly extending patk up as long as his HP can stay high enough. Since we don't have a healer right now, we'd have to be super sure of that. It woudl be ok for the max damage challenge, but possibly not a real battle. OSeph can bring Damage Bonus, but not much else to help the team. 

Cid is an option bringing Antler Pike for lightning Damage bonus. He can also bring Dragoon Lance -- despite it being magic based -- to bring exploit weakness all allies as well as our missing lighting resistance down. We're still missing patk up which is a foundational buff, but this feels like a decent option.

YSeph is an option bringing Phoenix Odachi for phys weapon boost. He can also bring Infiltration Sword for exploit weakness, but again we're still missing patk up and lighting resistance down. 

Missing patk up is not the end of the world if we can't fit it in, and if we had to "settle" because we didn't have other options, either would be acceptable options. But let's see what else we can bring first.

Aerith is an option bringing Festive Rod for phys damage bonus. She can also bring Mermaid Rod for patk up and lightning damage up, or even Kamura wand for patk up and mdef up, or Rousing Wizer Staff for patk up and mdef up. Because we've determined before that Ragnarok will all allies to start the battle with patk up high, mermaid rod is probably my choice. Mermaid Rod does patk up for 25 seconds and extends for 8 seconds. Kamura Wand and Rousing Wizer Staff both do patk up for 20 seconds and extends for 6 second. So even though Mermaid Rod overlaps with Winger Chakram slightly, the extension being slightly longer may allow us one less cast over the course of the battle to keep patk up as well as lightning damage up for the entire battle without concern. In addition, for her main outfit she can bring Garb of the Possessed with would supply Exploit Weakness all allies for 60 seconds twice. Even though her exploit weakness is only 30% vis Cid's and YSeph's 40%, the patk up more than makes up for that. And then we can also consider her Ultimate Weapon Abaraxas. It brings Applied Stats Debuff Tier Increased [Pot: Mid] meaning it will reduce all debuffs currently on the enemy by two levels up to extra high. Abraxas is a huge boost to damage as long as you can apply the debuffs ahead of time.

But we're still missing lightning resistance down. So it feels like we have to make a choice. Cid with lighting boost, lighting resistance down and exploit weakness, or Aerith with phys damage bonus, patk up and exploit weakness. But we still have the option for materia.

Matria has a few options. There is a magic and physical option for each element (ex Thundara vs Thundara Blow), there is a breach for each element (ex Lightning Breach) for element resist down low, there is mana breach for mdef down low, breach for pdef down low, barrier for pdef up low, manaward for mdef up low, faith for matk up low, bravery for patk up low, debrave for patk down low, defaith for matk down low, and a number for cure materias for healing and clearing status effects.

So technically with any character, we can bring lighting resist down (at a low pot) with any character. The benefit with Aerith is Abraxas. It allow you to use a materia cast to bring lightning resistance down low, and then use abraxas to turn the low into a high resist down. She can then use the materia over the course of the fight to keep that high extended. And when the second charge of Abraxas is ready, it can turn that high debuff into an extra high debuff.

So that feels like the option here. Aerith with Festive Rod main hand for the atk (all allies) at 46 pts in one weapon. I'll put Mermaid Rod in her off hand, Abraxas as the ultimate weapon, and Garb of the Possessed as her main outfit. For her materia, one materia will be rended for stats only by the outfit ability, so that leaves only 2 castable materia slots. One of those slots can be for our Lightning Breach, and the other can be for stats.

So her sub weapons, I'll again attempt to boost up Yuffie's output. But this could again be used to boost defenses. I'll start with Deroplatys because it will give use patk (all allies) along with buff/debug extension, allow out debuffs from Aerith to last a little bit longer. From there, really any patk (all allies) works because the second r ability may end up being elemental. But It'll choose Festive Gloves because the patk (all allies) along with the boost phys ability pot is at least slightly generic. Aerith won't be doing much damage here so that may not help her much in the fight. For the third spot, we have a few decisions to make. We can add one more patk (all allies) weapon to add another 3% to the party, or we can do slightly selfish and choose something with another buff/debuff extension to again help them last longer. TO start, I'll go for damage and add somethign like Gauntlet's of the Worthy or Stream Slasher or any other patk (all allies) weapon because they all have an elemental second r ability. In battle, if I find I need just a little more time to keep my buffs and debuffs active, then I may switch that out for a buff/debuff weapon because keeping the buff/debuffs active is Aerith's primary job. 

For sub outfits, I first look at Pink Mermaid Beachwear. Another boost lightning pot (all allies) is great. I'd also add Festive Dress for the boost ability pot (all allies) which is an ability we haven't added yet. Failing having those, Guardian Corps Uniform (Aerith) is an ok option for the boost atb to the party. Bahamut Robe woudl be ok with we had Festive Rod at less than ob10 and still needed some atk (all allies). Terra's Garb, Floral Gown, Kamura Dress, Loveless Songstress and others are ok for the buff/debuff entension.

From there, I would take this into battle and see if any adjustments needed to be made.

CLARIFICATIONS:

Question; "Uptime/maintainability: when you judge a buff "keepable for the whole fight," is it essentially duration + extension ≥ the cast cadence you can sustain, or more holistic (this character has the slots/ATB to keep recasting)? I want to encode the right signal."

In regards to Uptime/maintainability, yes. In the above example, we were looking at starting the fight with PATK up because of Ragnarok for 40s. When we cast Mermaid Rod, it would extend that for another 48 seconds. At some point it would be plausible that the buff falls off because of timing. So mermaind rod woudl again give the inital buff for 28 seconds. The second cast would raise it to high and extend it for another 8 seconds. For the lightning damage up, Yuffie should be casting her main hand weapon most of the time, which means that will also extend the buff. SO you would have both Winged Chakram and Mermaid Rod extneding the lighting damage up.


Question: "Amplifier valuation: confirm an amplifier with nothing to amplify should score ≈0, and otherwise scale with the magnitude of the buffs/debuffs present — i.e., it's literally "+2 tiers on whatever exists.""

If the "amplifier" is referring to Abraxas effect such as Applied Stats Debuff Tier Increased or the opposite Applied Stats Buff Tier Increased, then yes. For Applied Stats Debuff Tier Increased, if there are no current debuffs on the enemy, then it will have no effect. For Applied Stats Buff Tier Increased, if there are no current buffs on the allies, then it will also have no effect.

